found in my channel today gentlemen
mine are here
at this time in a drive
particular in a video where we are was
almost I have been doing this for almost 9 months
this you know nine months
all this if you notice but the crazy figure
I know
soncino where it is
obviously
used to move the new I'm going
at my home
let's say to my house and I'll show you
my room what is left what
what has remained of mine for my own
room
I'll show the gentlemen to me
in spite of the fact that we are in pain
but my room was old and what
there is in the legs carla signoris dear ai
boys were found naked
g
rather
here I am the step after the mini clip
I show you my bedroom
small upgrade from the finished house
since we say that the last but I have to
show the very very empty
compared to before
there is the picture that was the first we have it
watch put I still have to do
but starting from there it already seems to me though
the biggest life
let's say I'm the walk-in closet e
are also the kitchen we say that
now it's full in short, full of
things but things that you if anyway
you have already seen the video of mine
new house
surely you have already seen though though
however the race however however there is one
Announcements
then here if you already have mine
a little here sofa cells is here gentlemen
from my daan station
today i brought everything i brought
still is that they put the dsl on me
therefore the possibility of connecting via
Internet, however, gentlemen or a novelty too
for you then waited the second is
perfect so I'll explain you in moments
what have I done these days
in the remainder I absolutely have to change
the micro if the microphone boom why
it's very wrong of course
all right then guys here
we have the xbox to play the monitor
my other monitor
we have my computer that
I'll probably do a full 70 's
everything I need for
record now enjoying the play as well
see a little, everything is ready for
record now I make you me
I preview status looks
however speed with this pc here a
there is one thing for raga programs
crazy ladies repeats that I am here
now I will show you and a setup
suspect that I turn on the light peace
so I am also kissed by light
divine and I show you the installment in
ponyo jailer only scandals hear
well then a moment beyond 21 13 21
gentlemen, my boys, here we are here
ready to load this will be mine
new all-white station see it
photo will probably not be opened every
so much the miur can be seen the paintings but
do it as I would like so much
the section ladies would love to
very much also
fill it with the wall to collect things
youtube wrong here I put
my one hundred thousand name plate you want
see but what I wanted you to see
vague was another thing is something a little
cooler now I don't know why
does not work from his wolf here is the
test let's go to the speed test raga io
I am now with ADSL and attention
ladies and gentlemen would surely have it
also already seen from the bathroom page
facebook then adsl as ping
malvagissimi excuse usually peeling
raga is 30 to 25 bar do not know for which
arcane reason now at this time is a
the download is at 2 80 and the upload hangs out
around 0 80 but the thing I wanted
to show it is not this is not
given this, let's hope this is a second
is this nice little object here guys is a
very nice little object for that
what he will say is because he has very nice legs
now I'll show you why ok
this is an Argentine who can
carrying around as much as I want is what
he practically does this little object me
I immediately see this
this is where gentlemen 41 in
download 27 i map is practically a
device that I'm not talking about the brand
because I sincerely care is a
device that foresees the attack
current connects via 4g and goes into
app
in practice the problem is that 30 giga
per month and I don't know if it will be enough for you
he tries it well guys at the end i'll see
how to get by with me guys if you want the
video set up of my complete room
with all the programs I use mine
play my xbox my monitor of a
audio system my pc with my new
pc especially let me know that it
I will certainly do in the next few days
see the boys guys see you
at 6pm with a team from a side
huntingdon go and see also at one o'clock
that I definitely put another video
I mister the rumors he said
words